## Aspen LiDA Updates
// mark
### Event Updates
- Update events to only fetch when the Saved Events page is viewed. (DIS-708) (*MDN*)
- Do not show count of all events in account menu. (DIS-709) (*MDN*)

### Loading Screen Updates
- Display Loading messages as defined within Aspen Discovery Branded App Settings. (DIS-728) (*MDN*)

### Login Screen Updates
- When showing the list of available libraries, sort it alphabetically if the user's location is not known or if the the user has entered text to filter by. (DIS-729) (*MDN*)

### Performance Updates
- Optimize checking to see if the cached url for LiDA is still active. (DIS-659) (*MDN*)
- Update initial loading to explicitly check if the query was successful and handle properly handle errors at each stage of loading. (DIS-668) (*MDN*)
- Do not require loading translations for holds, checkouts, sort options, and filter options to be complete before loading LiDA. (DIS-674) (*MDN*)
- Only load linked account information once at startup. (DIS-676) (*MDN*)
- Improve loading speed of strings that have known parameters, by including the parameters in the string. (DIS-712) (*MDN*)
- Combine loading linked accounts and cards into a single API call that updates both places. (DIS-725)

### Other Updates
- Add release notes within the LiDA repository. (DIS-501) (*MDN*)

// kirstien

// imani
### Self Registration Updates
- Fixed parsing of maxlength for self registration forms. (DIS-698) (*IT*)
- Remove hard coded URL for Self Registration (DIS-698) (*IT*)

### Other Updates
- Fixed issue with Home Location not being automatically selected when AutoPickUserHomeLocation was checked. (DIS-624) (*IT*)
- Hide View Details button in checkouts if we do not have a groupedWorkId to display (DIS-704) (*IT*)
- Fixed bug where hold button would spin endlessly when a confirmation prompt was required if the response had no api element (DIS-672) (*IT*)
- updated hold prompt to refresh the page after you confirmed a hold to reflect the items updated status. (DIS-672) (*IT*)

// ian
### Other Updates
- Specify encryption for Apple so one does not have to manually submit encryption compliance for each release (DIS-498) (*IW*)
